What lion?
That's impossible.
The map is not quick to kneel down and meet the master
Master, Master, I was wrong
I will never be Tarzan
Will you spare me?
Ah, Xu Wenjie is so amazing
It's over, Liu Jiapa's is going to be gone.
Master, this traitor
Offend master
Let me clean you up. The queen is out of business
Get up, thank you
Oh thank you master
Xie Shiye said
Who told you to do this behind your back?
It's Zhao Yunlong
He ordered us to kill Master and 103,000
Get the Shennong jade pendant
Then he also wanted to give Shen Tingting to that
Do you know what happened to Shennong Xu's family back then?
Who is behind the Zhao family's back?
Oh, when the accident happened, I was still in the Wei Jin Zhao family
I just know
It seems to have something to do with the imperial capital
Okay, this time I'll let you go if you commit a crime
If there is a next time
Hey, hey, yes, yes, first
First Master forgive me
Next time if there is a next time
No need for Master to do it
Don't worry.
Good, yeah.
What about this guy?